if you are struggling to get clients and
it's your early days of an agency owner
in this video I'm going to basically
completely change your life and show you
how to structure your agency and remodel
your offer and everything that you do so
that acquiring clients is Bloody easy if
it's the case that you haven't got a
bank of testimonials yet you haven't got
a huge amount of experience you haven't
got a huge amount of confidence in your
ability to deliver results and you're
kind of like oh my God how am I going to
get clients because like nobody's gonna
trust me this video is going to show you
two different models that you can use
for your agency and two different
pricing strategies that I would
personally use if I was starting from
scratch so I built my first agency when
I was 18 years old and I basically was
into this like
framework of retainers I was like I have
to charge one to two thousand dollars a
month and convince people to buy and
that massively slowed me down it took me
I think 50 or 60 sales calls to sign my
first client and even then I got lucky
because ultimately I didn't have
conviction in my ability to deliver if I
use this model what would have happened
is I would have signed a bunch of other
clients and made more money and had more
confidence and got where I want to go
faster so in this video I'm really
excited I'm gonna break it down on my
screen and hopefully change the way you
model your agency so that client
acquisition becomes at significantly
easier for you let's get into it so here
we are inside the trusty laptop so my
name is Charlie Morgan if you're new to
the channel welcome I've basically built
and scaled my own agency to a hundred
thousand dollars a month called
northflow Consulting and now I run a
company called Imperium acquisition we
make 500 000 a month helping agency
owners with client acquisition okay so
that's what I do let's get into it so
this is you right
and as we all know I'm not the best at
drawing but this is you right and if
you're new to the game I.E you've been
in business for maybe less than a year
you're probably struggling to acquire
clients you probably find that you just
you're constantly in this like like
you're spinning your wheels trying to
figure out what works making cold cool
sending cold emails trying to create
content you're also working on all sorts
of stuff it's just a nightmare right so
this is you and we're going to pull you
out of this nightmare so
the first model is a pay-per-lead model
now not in the traditional sense though
so when I say pay-per-lead people
misunderstand the best way to do this
because they assume that what it means
is that you just get paid every time you
generate a lead there's a way of
structuring your agency you're pricing
your offer and your service in a way
that is in my opinion I'm pretty
genius for coming up with this if I'm
honest with you so let's go through it
so here's the thing so let's say let's
just take for argument's sake that you
work with the gym Niche right so you
work with gyms and you want to make say
a thousand dollars per month from each
client right because that's that's
pretty much like the standard you want
to make one grand a month per client
because you've done the math in your
head you know 10 clients are 10 grand a
month here's what you want to do if you
want to make a thousand dollars a month
for each client and you first of all a
pay per lead model or even better a pay
per appointment model now if you are new
to smma and you haven't yet yet done
lead generation campaigns you're not
going to know how to do paper
appointments so figure out how to do
pay-per-lead and then once you figure
that out then you can do paper
appointment okay if you want to go
straight to the end of it and do paper
appointment then you can even better
paper show but for the sake of this
model we're going to keep it simple and
just call it pay per lead okay so it can
be pay per result but most people think
the traditional pay-per-lead model is
you know as soon as you generate a
prospect for the for the client then you
get paid so when this person submits a
form online and gives their name their
number and their email you Bill the
client for that lead that is a
traditional paper lead model and it
doesn't work as well as the next model
I'm about to show you the model that I
like to use and the model that I would
be using if I ran my own agency
is pay per
lead
up front
right so I'm going to show you how this
works and clients love this okay so what
you do is you say to your clients look
we work on a pay-per-lead basis but the
last thing you want is for your
accounting to be a mess and for me to be
billing you every single day for leads
that come in it's chaos it's impossible
to track and it's a nightmare for you
it's a nightmare for me so the way we
work Mr Prospect is we sat and guarantee
a specific amount of leads against a
specific qualification criteria so you
know they're going to show up and be the
right fit for you okay so we remove that
risk
I'm going to guarantee you a certain
amount of leads we're going to set a
price on what you pay for those leads
we're going to let a month roll out and
if I don't generate that number of leads
I will refund you the collateral against
what you pay me so if you're not with me
let me explain
so let's say you want to make a thousand
dollars per month so let's say that you
set I'm not saying this is what you
should set but this is just an example
it's arbitrary right let's say that you
set the cost of twenty dollars per lead
that's what you think a lead is worth
and that's what it's more importantly
that's what the market is willing to pay
for a lead qualified lead are they
willing to pay twenty dollars probably
right so you set up the cost of 20. what
you then do is you say to the prospect
what you're going to do is you're gonna
pay me the thousand dollar a month
retainer and this is where people get
confused so bear with me you say to the
Prosper you pay me a thousand dollars
now I'm going to guarantee you 50 leads
minimum promise guarantee swear on my
life I'm also going to cap you can you
don't have to do this but it's up to you
I'm also going to cap right let's try
and draw a cap
looks like a disabled duck but anyway
um you're gonna draw a cap on how many
leads they pay for because you say to
them look if we do pay per lead and I go
crazy and generate you 150 leads that
you can't deal with you're gonna pay
through the roof for leads that are
inefficient and you can't deal with what
I'm going to do is I'm going to cap it
50 so that any extra value that goes
beyond that you're not paying extra for
so by paying me up front not only do you
miss out on you don't have to deal with
this accounting nightmare but it also
means you cap your spend which means
that you can predictably reliably budget
for the growth of the business and it's
not chaotic that's how you get around
the objection
so you promised them 50 leads here's the
cool thing what you then do is you say
to them if we don't generate 50 leads we
refund you against the collateral of
what you paid and what that means is if
you generate 49 leads right because we
know the value of each lead is twenty
dollars so for every lead that you miss
under this guarantee you refund them the
value of the initial leads they've paid
for
let me give you an example because it
gets hard to follow if you only generate
49 leads out of 50 then you refund them
20 and you refund on 20 because you've
missed one lead and the value of one
lead is 20 bucks right let's say that
you only generate them 25 leads right
you generate 25 on the month well then
what you do is you then go ahead and you
refund them five hundred dollars because
what's 25 times 20 it's 500 and so what
this allows you to do is it allows you
to collect a bunch of cash up front
obviously the prospect's still going to
have to pay for ad spend so you need to
tell them look the ad spend thing is
separated 750 a month it's 1K a month
that doesn't touch my pocket I can't
make guarantees on that because the
money doesn't go to me I can't refund
you money that I don't receive they'll
understand that it's fine as for paying
you you tell them
if we don't generate the number we
promise I will briefly do this now
there's a second model I'm going to show
in a second so just stick around because
it doesn't even cooler way of doing this
specifically for other niches like Ecom
Etc et cetera so just stick around but
that's the premise of the sales argument
here all right so let me give you
another example let's take the um
I don't really know let's take the Cairo
News right
for our sins so let's say you want to
charge them two thousand dollars a month
you want to make two thousand dollars
per month per client so that you can
have four clients and go and sit on a
beach in Bali right so let's say you set
the value if I don't know this is this
is an arbitrary number I'm not telling
you if you're in the colonies I'm not
saying you should charge this do not
take this as a gospel but I'm going to
keep the number simple let's say that
you know you're gonna say it's a hundred
dollars now let's say this is a paper
appointment offer so it's a hundred
dollars for every book to qualified
appointment and if you're wondering what
qualified means we'll go into that
another day subscribe so I did that
hundred dollars per appointment so what
you then do is you say to them all right
well Mr Prospect what I'm going to do is
you're gonna pay me two thousand dollars
now as a down payment you have to
position it as it's a deposit against
the future appointments you'll get
you're not paying me for marketing
you're paying a down payment a deposit
for a set number of leads that will be
delivered over the month right and you
have a contract for this and everything
I'm not going to give you a contract and
I get in legal trouble if it's not in
alignment with the terms of your state
or country but you get the point
so you say to Mr Frost I'm going to
generate you 20 leads we're going to
Value each appointment or 20
appointments I'm going to Value each
appointment at 100 per appointment which
puts the total value of all these
appointments at two thousand dollars Mr
Prospect if I give you 20 qualified
appointments would you say that's worth
two thousand dollars the beautiful thing
about this model is it makes the sale so
much easier because then they are in
their mind they are directly paying for
appointments so you say to them a sales
argument is look man like I'm gonna
would you say that two thousand dollars
is worth 20 appointments in your head if
they're qualified and they show up now
you might have some doubt from them
about the quality of the leads or oh I
don't want to pay upfront because it's
risky but you say look man you're gonna
do this with your credit card we're
going to process it through strike so if
I run off of your money which I'm not
going to or if I don't deliver and don't
refund you then you have this call I'll
send you this call recording and you
have the contract you go to your credit
card processor you dispute the payment
you receive the money back within seven
days that never happens because people
never dispute because we deliver but you
are protected you're putting a deposit
against these appointments and if you
don't get them you will get the money
back you either through me because I'm
trustworthy and I promise I will Revenge
you and if for any reason I'm not
trustworthy which I'm definitely am but
you know if for any reason I'm not then
you go to your credit card provider you
dispute the payment you get all the
money back now you could do that anyway
even if I got you the leads and there's
not much I could do about it but I sent
you a trustworthy person so can you
trust me to give you your business and
make this happen that's how you handle
the objection and this lubricates the
sale I don't the word lubricate is
awfully suspicious in this context but
you get the point right it lubricates
the sale it reduces the friction and it
increases the conviction so in sales how
do we close appointments how do we close
deals we reduce friction of buying we
increase conviction of buying and this
model allows you to do that and so let's
say with the chiropractor guy let's say
like you're like oh I've only
generated him 17 appointments for the
month right then what you're going to do
is you're going to go in right we know
the value per appointment is 100 and
with we are three appointments off the
guarantee so we do three times a hundred
and at the end of the month we say Mr
Prospect as a man of my word here's your
300 back right now let's say that you
actually generated them 31 appointments
right it's up to you to decide whether
or not you want to put a cap on the
number of appointments you generate them
and what you build them for but maybe
you say to them listen anything after 20
I'm going to bill you fifty dollars for
then you have some even more value so
you say look after after if I generate
you 50 appointments this month we're
going to bill you for the extra 30 about
half the price so there's all sorts of
ways you can move around with this
depending on how good you are okay it's
a great little model something that
people don't consider
um it took me probably like four or five
years of smma to realize this and I was
like why the I'm gonna learn this
um but ultimately I love this model so
there's a second model
and this is probably even smarter one
that I created
um so you heard it here first I haven't
copied these models from anyone I
haven't like stolen them or taken them
from some course this is from The Source
directly from me so
um let's get into it so this one is
called the Trojan Horse retainer and
this one is
um this is for agencies that know
they've got a great service but are
either in a really saturated Niche a
really burned Niche or they just
struggle to get clients right so Trojan
Horse retainers so we all know the story
of the Trojan Horse I'm gonna try and
draw a horse here let's let's give it a
go shall we
all right you get the point
this is the Trojan Horse right and
inside of this Trojan Horse you know the
story you've got all these little army
people I think they're definitely called
soldiers Charlie all these little army
people
um who basically got into this gate of
this city and then they basically all
got out and then they ran start the city
um blah blah blah blah blah right you
know the drill you've all we all know
the the archetypal story of the Trojan
Horse and if you don't then you
definitely need to go back to school so
how the hell does a wooden horse with
men in it that kill people apply to
business well in a pretty cool way the
Trojan Horse retainer is very simple it
only really works if you can deliver
good results because here's the thing
about this Trojan Horse here right if
you're the army that sends the horse in
you can send the horse and the horse can
be as amazing as you want but if the
people inside can't fight or you don't
have anyone inside it doesn't matter so
what we're doing here with your agency
is you go to this is you right and this
is your prospect right you both look a
bit deformed but it's fine you go to the
Prospect and what you do is you say this
you say Mr Prospect I want you to pay me
a retainer to for me to do a masking
Services I want you to pay me every
month a nice fat lump sum because I'm
value to you what I don't want you to do
is pay it now what I want you to do
is Take Me On I'm going to show you my
worth and prove to you that I can change
your life on your business
and after one two three months of that
I'm going to introduce that retainer so
Mr Prospect I'm gonna be honest with you
this is a trojan horse I'm gonna get
into your business right I'm not gonna
charge you a retainer or try and Bill
you monthly for now after two months or
three months whatever period you want to
pick right I wouldn't recommend any more
than three months two months is ideal
after 60 days
you're going to be so reliant on my
business you might want to phrase it as
transparently as this but this is how it
works right you're going to be so relent
on my business that you have no choice
but to keep paying my retainer because
I've changed your life in your business
I want to partner with you and provide
so much value that you have no choice
but to pay me that's my strategy
I'm gonna be honest with you so what you
do
it only works you've got a good service
right is you go to the Prospect and you
collect a set up you have you cannot do
this do not do this without collecting a
setup fee so what you do is you go to
them let's say you're the prospect I say
look say I am an e-commerce agency or
any any sort of agency you are an
e-commerce brand you have a problem I
can solve it for you here's what's going
to happen you're going to pay me a
thousand dollars now
the reason you pay me a thousand dollars
now is because over the next two months
you're not going to pay me another Penny
over that two months I need to pay for
my media buyers I need to pay for my
graphic designers I need to make sure
that my team eats so that thousand
dollars isn't profit for me it goes to
my team so that they have the the
ambition and the incentive to make sure
you get good results
in two months time I'm going to come and
knock it on your door for a retainer of
2 500 a month plus ten percent of AD
spend whatever you want to like paying
by that point you'll be so happy with
the service we provided that you'll be
happy to pay that retainer and the
strategy here is very simple because if
you if you actually can deliver good
results over a two-month period you also
learn the gratification of the retainer
because you're still getting paid do not
do not do not do not do not sign a
client without that setup fee paid
because then they're not a client and
they will you over I promise you do
not do it it's tempting but don't bloody
do it it's the same thing with the pay
per lead thing the reason we don't go
straight paper leaders you need
commitment you need upfront payment
otherwise people have no incentive to
treat you well into Nightmare so you go
to them and you basically say so here's
like here's how it works like month one
right month two month one month two and
then we've got month three here right
so how it works is like month one you
say look you're gonna pay me this um
onboarding fee don't call it set up fee
call it an onboarding fee or call it um
call it like an expense fee or like a t
a team expenses for something that makes
it tangible that they're paying that to
go to your resources like a resource you
can literally call it anything like a
resource fee so we have a resource fee
of a thousand dollars the reason behind
that Mr Prospect is because in order for
me to run your campaigns properly I need
to pay my team I need to make sure we've
got the right creative and all of the
the total expense that will amass over
the next two months is about a thousand
dollars so you're paying that it doesn't
it goes to it doesn't go to my bottom
line it goes to my team it just means we
can get you set up properly if you don't
have that thousand dollar resource fee I
can't resource your campaigns you won't
get results so that's why we need to
charge it you have to justify you have
to give them reasons logical tangible
understandable reasons otherwise they
just will be like oh no I'm not doing
that so you say the resource thing right
obviously they're going to pay ad spend
as well they should understand that and
then what you do month two you charge
them nothing and then month three you
say right you set the expectation from
the get-go like I'm gonna charge you
three thousand dollars a month I'm gonna
charge you ten thousand dollars a month
I'm gonna charge you one thousand five
dollars a month whatever you feel is
appropriate but here's the thing if
you've got a client that you know you
can help and you know you can service
them really well and you know that after
two months you'll be able to blow their
socks off like what you then do is you
just come to them at month three and say
hey as we initially agreed in the in the
in in the sales calling in the contract
you're gonna pay me a retainer and then
what you do when you on board them here
right at month one at day one is you go
into stripe and you set up a delayed
payment of 60 days for the amount you
want to charge so you don't wait until
month three and say oh can you pay me
the invoice now no you tell them from
the get-go we're gonna set this payment
up for 60 days from now it's going to be
two it's gonna you pick the amount right
whatever amount you're gonna charge it's
gonna be two thousand a month it's gonna
be three thousand a month it's gonna be
ten thousand a month and you will be
automatically billed I will check in a
couple days before just to let you know
it's going to be billed so it's not
going to come out of the blue but I'm
not going to come asking to be paid
because by doing this they've made the
decision that they will pay the retainer
if you wait until month three and you
haven't got it set up and they haven't
mentally put in their car details and
haven't they haven't agreed to the data
which they'll be billed then you'll go
to them in two months and then they'll
be like oh can we just extend it for
another month like I think results are
sort of coming in we can't be profitable
but I just want to see for another month
that is exactly what will happen because
you have to understand human nature and
incentive and that's how business owners
will work so but by from the get-go if
you get the the resource fee and you get
the commitment and you say look here's
the payment it's been scheduled I will
tell you a day before maybe you don't
want to maybe you just tell them you
know set that date and you know you know
you're going to be billed maybe you
don't want to tell them it's up to you
right however you want to run a business
I would personally tell them and then
that way it rolls around it happens
automatically so there's not even a
conversation of hey here's the invoice
can you pay me it's just done right so
it's a great deal for them it's a great
deal for you it only really works if you
can deliver them good results so I
wanted to share this with you because
that model is um just as sort of potent
as that pay-per-lead upfront model that
I sort of explained to you this is
scratching the surface by the way
um we've actually got a program called
easy growing
that basically explains how to do stuff
like this in more detail
um easy grow is our Flagship program
that we sell at Imperium we've got a
myriad of different courses and like
information on how to get clients how to
structure businesses
etc etc
it's quite expensive it might not be the
right fit for you at the moment but if
you do want to check it out then you can
go and click the link in the description
I say it's expensive it's not in
contrast the value you provide but if
you are new to business it may or may
not be the right fit for you either way
if you want to talk about it and listen
about how we can help you this is
literally just like two things of like
700 that we've got in easy grow that you
can use to get more clients and
different ways you can structure it so
if you are struggling to get clients and
you want a faster route and you've got a
little bit of capital to invest then by
all means just put that in the
description Even If you're sort of
thinking I'm not sure if it's going to
be the right fit for me financially just
schedule the call anyway because the
worst case scenario is it's not now but
it might be in three months and then
that way you can just come on board in
three months so either way that's my
pitch you don't have to buy the thing I
don't really care if you schedule or not
it doesn't really matter because we've
got such a high volume but if you think
it could change your life which you
probably can then but I'm gonna check it
out so I would also ask you to subscribe
because I make lots of videos like this
and I like having subscribers because it
invalidates my deeply insecure self I'm
joking but it help me if you want to
like the video you can like it because
YouTube will then show you other videos
like this instead of videos that
don't have value to life and if you
disagree with this or want to add
something then you can comment below
thank you so much for watching I love
you take care